The Joe Rogan experience. So you don't get high at all? No, no,
I have, I have, yeah, I, um, for my,
my 26th birthday was the first time I tried it.
What happened? Nothing, nothing, nothing. I mean,
I guess I didn't know how to do, I didn't know how to inhale it.
I didn't know how to smoke it. And, uh, you know, I'm like, this does nothing.
I hit it. Like maybe two, three times it does nothing. I didn't feel a thing.
And then that same year I had to, I think it was 26. Yeah. I was thinking,
was it last year? I was at the
training center Allenby training center and, um, and I had to do,
I did the ultimate fighter, season 14.
I was a wrestling coach for T mayhem Miller. And, uh,
me and mayhem would sit cause we were in the same house and we'd, uh,
we'd sit on the balcony at night after filming all day would come and he'd, uh,
he'd smoke and would just relax and he decompressed.
And that was the crazy thing about ma'am to smart guy. Yeah. I mean, yeah,
he had a crazy pat,
but smart guy who would just come back and sit there and relax and just think,
and he would say certain things. Um, and then he was like, yo,
you should try this. You should try this. I'm like, nah,
that doesn't do nothing for me, man. I just, I already tried it.
The does nothing for it. He's like, you don't have rock
and I'm like, no, it doesn't do anything for me, man. And then he's like, uh,
try this edible. And it's a, it's an edible is a peanut brittle. Ooh, Jesus.
Second. I'd just like a fat piece of my province. Don't we doesn't do it.
It doesn't affect me bro. And this indeed for me. And uh,
I had had a bite, a big piece to them eating it. Cause it was like, it was good.
It was chocolate. It was can just eating them, eat them like, ah,
this is nothing. And uh, maybe like six, seven minutes later,
I'm like, uh, I need to go get water. So I opened the I'm like,
let me go get some water inside. And you walk in the balcony,
the sliding door, you walk inside.
My room is our rooms are this way down the hall,
his rooms further in my rooms just to the right and the kitchen's right in
front. So I walk in, I'm like, okay, get some water. Um,
I'm like three steps before I get to the counter. But I'm just like, there
what's going on. I never touched the water.
I eventually just somehow turn up to my right,
just stumble into my room.
I fell on my bed like this.
I woke up 10 hours later.
I woke up just like that didn't move best rest
I ever got. Wow. I was like, uh,
no. Did you have crazy dreams? No, I just went out, but it was a,
it was a fun. Yeah. It was a fun time. It was, it was cause that was like, uh,
the first time I've experienced Vegas. So the,
we were shooting the show in Vegas.
And so that was my first time being in Vegas and uh,
but it was fun time and I was just like, wow. Okay. But then, uh,
after that I smoked again with, uh, my friends down in Florida, uh, years ago,
maybe four years ago.
And that was when I actually got high from smoking. You know,
I hit it hard at first. I'm like, cause I'm the same on my,
this doesn't affect me guys. You know? Cause I was like,
the reason I hit me is cause he was an edible. I'm never doing edibles again.
Never again. So I already wrote that up. Like weed doesn't affect me guys.
So I hit it hard. They're like, hold it, you got holding him. I'm holding.
I'm start coughing. I cough for like maybe six minutes.
Sean hard coughing almost. So I'm like, bro,
this is nothing. I hit it again. Like right away. Pass me that I hit it again.
Heart coffin. This is not going to do nothing for it. I hit it again.
Hard it bro. I told you guys,
this does nothing for me, man. And we're sitting on the couch and
my little brother calls me and uh, he was,
I think this was when he was making the transition. He was leaving football.
He calls me, he's talking to me on the fall and we're talking. I'm like, man,
everything's good, man. You'll you'll be fine. Or we'll do something else.
And boom, I forget everything I was just talking about.
I was a, uh, I'll call you back.
So I hang up and I immediate. I'm one of those guys.
If I don't have control and run, I feel like I don't have control of my body.
My thoughts was going on. I kind of gathered anxiety.
So I kind of started going to the panic mode.
And so I'm sitting there on the couch and these guys are looking at me and I
look left to these guys. I'm like guys, some said, something's wrong.
Something's wrong? Something is wrong. Something's wrong.
I don't know what's going on.
I was just trying to talk to my brother and I forgot everything I was,
I was talking about something's wrong?
And they're laughing hysterically. They're laughing at me bad.
And I, and then now I'm like, okay, no, I gotta be cool. I gotta try to be cool.
I gotta control this. Happy. Cool, happy. Cool.
But the biggest thing is I couldn't control what was going on.
The fact that I was feeling what I was feeling, I couldn't shut it off.
That was it for me. I was like, yeah, I can't.
That's too much though. That's not what you're supposed to do. Oh.
I did it wrong.
There's also a thing that happens when you cough. Like I don't know.
Why deeper.
I don't know if the science behind that. Is there any science behind that?
Is that real? Like coughing gets you more high? Cause it is for me when I, when,
if I'm smoking pot and I cough, I go, oh no, what have I done?
I open up the door.
It gets inside. Yeah. They say, they say, well, from what I've heard, they say,
oh, it makes it worse when you cough and it gets deeper into your lungs.
I've heard.
That a bunch of times.
I've heard that a bunch of times. I don't know if it's,
I don't know if that's real though.
Or maybe you just really high and that's why your coffin. No,
maybe it's a smoke.
Cause I'm not used to having smoke in my lungs because even now,
if I walked through casinos, I'm sick for awhile.
With pot. You just want to, if you're not, if you're a rookie V not a veteran,
you don't do it a lot. You want this ready? That's it. Stop.
Stop right there. Wait.
We have some time which reminds me. Oh,
I smoked again after that,
I think a couple of years ago. But I, I, it was like almost like peer pressure.
He didn't pressure me, but it was like, oh, he's doing Rashad
[inaudible] he did a peer pressure me, but it was like, I'm with her satisfied,
my brother, if he's doing it, I, I gotta try it. You know? So he's like,
he knows how to do it. Like for him, it's like medicinal at night now. It's,
you know, he, so I, uh, we were at a cooler, going to a comedy show.
The country Wayne is the comedian comedian and we're going to see him
and uh, funny guy [inaudible] Wayne. Yeah.
He's a big following out and on the south. And I don't, he does his whole show.
I don't think he curses at all really funny guy.
If you look him up very funny guy. And um,
so we're at the show and for the show starts and he's like, let's take a walk.
So we're walking in, in the Rashad. It's like me and him,
like the wisdom that he passes on to me, it's crazy. I love being around him.
I love spending time with him. And so we're walking in and you know,
and then he whips it out and he smoke. And I'm not sure. I've always heard,
like you keep people. If things get funnier, when you smoke weed,
I'm like, oh man, it's going to be the best comedy show ever.
Cause this guy has already funny. I think it's funny.
And this is going to make it funnier. All my guys had good idea.
So I take it on, but I'm like I learned from last time,
I'm not going to hit it like that. Just light hit, you know, once, maybe twice,
but that's it. So I hit it. Boom. I cough a little bit,
but not as bad, you know, coffee's a little bit and I'm okay.
And so we're still walking and then I hated again, light this time.
I didn't cough. I'm like, hi, that should be good. I should be perfect.
This show's going to be phenomenal.
So we get in now we're sitting in and we're sitting in cars. You know,
those improv comedy clubs are very, very tight, you know, especially the big,
nice ones, but the VIP tickets you're right there on the floor next to them.
So we're like maybe three seats away from the stage.
So we're there and it's a packed house. It's, everything's sold out and um,
we're watching him and watching him. We're watching him. And uh,
I remember like now I start feeling something
I'm getting, I'm like paranoid now. I'm like.
So I'm, I'm talking to Rashad. Well, in my head, I think I'm talking to him.
So I'm thinking I'm trying to whisper because I don't want to interrupt the show
because I wanted to comedian because I've heard comedians would go,
go after you. So I'm like trying not to interrupt the show. I'm like,
I'm thinking I'm like Rashad, Rashad. I'm really like,
and, and I'm, and I'm one of my, why is he not paying attention to me?
Why is he Rashad? I'm looking at him like Rashad, something's wrong.
I mean, I would try to signal him. I'm using my eyes.
I'm trying to signal him like bro, I got to get out. Cause I almost,
I was this close to running out of the improv
comedy club.
Where would you have gone?
I just run out of there.
I just, in those cases,
you're better off just sitting still and waiting for it to pass. I know. But.
I was like, in my mom's side, he said, get out of here.
Exactly what I thought. I'm like, I kind of get out of. I gotta get outta here.
I gotta get out of here now. But Dan and I in my mind and I was like, no,
man, what's stopping a punk. Stop being a punk. You can handle this.
So I'm like trying to reel myself back in and my mind I'm like, just breathe,
relax, breathe, and relax. Watch the show breathe. And I'm getting to the show.
I'm get into it. But every now and again, it a creep back in your high bro,
your high get out of here, get out. But that's it.
That was it for me after that one. I'm like, you know what? We just not, for me,
it's just not, not for me. I've had.
Those experiences a hundred times, at least maybe more,
probably more the auntie. Yeah. Like when I'm, I'm never doing this again,
you know, we just get so high. It's just gets ridiculous. But.
You still, you still do it. I like it.
I always learn something. When I get that high, when I get real high,
if something's bothering me, I'm probably like, well I probably have an issue.
I need to take care of it. Like something's bothering me in the first place.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Like if,
if I get paranoid about something or I feel bad about something,
maybe I sad or something, I did this like marijuana.
Like if you have something that you're,
you're like maybe pushing in the back of your head, marijuana is like, Hey, Hey,
what the is that? What's that let's turn a light on, click,
put a flashlight on it. It was like, it makes you think.